feat: add microfrontend template generator command (#943)
salesforcecli/plugin-templates: messages/lightningEmbedding.md

# examples

- Generate an embedding wrapper LWC in the current directory:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --name MyEmbeddingWrapper --src https://app.example.com --sandbox allow-forms --shell-title "Expense Report Widget"

- Generate an embedding wrapper LWC in the "force-app/main/default/lwc" directory with multiple sandbox tokens:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --name MyEmbeddingWrapper --src https://app.example.com --sandbox allow-forms --sandbox allow-scripts --shell-title "Expense Report Widget" --output-dir force-app/main/default/lwc

# summary

> Generate a Lightning Web Component that wraps the lightning-embedding base component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a Lightning Web Component (LWC) bundle that wraps the lightning-embedding base component.
```

# description

> Generates a Lightning Web Component bundle that consumes the first-party <lightning-embedding> component, pre-wired with the three required attributes: the widget URL (src), iframe sandbox tokens, and an accessible iframe title (shell-title).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated LWC bundle consumes the first-party <lightning-embedding> component, which is pre-wired with the three required attributes: the widget URL (src), iframe sandbox tokens, and an accessible iframe title (shell-title).
```

> The generated bundle contains four files (.html, .js, .js-meta.xml, .css) in a directory named with the camelCased component name. The bundle must live under a parent folder named "lwc".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated LWC bundle contains four files (.html, .js, .js-meta.xml, .css) in a directory named with the camelCased component name. The bundle must live under a parent folder named "lwc".
```

# flags.name.summary

> PascalCase name of the generated component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name of the generated component; must be in PascalCase format.
```

# flags.name.description

The component name is also used (camelCased) as the LWC folder name and file stem. Must contain only alphanumeric characters and start with a letter.

# flags.src.summary

> Absolute https URL the iframe will load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Absolute HTTPS URL that the iframe will load.
```

# flags.src.description

> The URL is bound to the <lightning-embedding> "src" attribute as a reactive property in the generated LWC. Must use https; plain http is only allowed for localhost or 127.0.0.1 (for local development).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL is bound to the <lightning-embedding> "src" attribute as a reactive property in the generated LWC. Must use HTTPS; plain HTTP is allowed only for localhost or 127.0.0.1 (for local development).
```

# flags.src.error

> The --src flag must be an absolute https URL (e.g., https://app.example.com). Plain http is only allowed for localhost or 127.0.0.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The --src flag must be an absolute HTTPS URL, such as https://app.example.com. Plain HTTP is allowed only for localhost or 127.0.0.1.
```

# flags.sandbox.summary

> Iframe sandbox token (specify the flag multiple times to set more than one token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iframe sandbox token. Specify this flag multiple times to set more than one token. 
```
